One thing I'm just learning about now is the talent agency Endeavor, run by Ari Emmanuel, and their influence / connections into MSNBC and particularly Rachel Maddow's 2022 contract which was fostered by Endeavor executives and talent agents Ari Emmanuel, Mark Shapiro, and Henry Reisch, the latter most of whom also represents several other MSNBC anchors.

Given that Endeavor also started acquiring content production companies in 2019, went public via an IPO in 2021, and restructured Maddow's contract to give her a show running opportunity, it makes sense if they took the situation with myself as an opportunity to force Rachel Maddow to make a project about me to show NASDAQ stock purchasers that EDR (Endeavor's Nasdaq symbol) could make good on deriving value by combining it's recent content production acquisitions with their pre-existing value in their client roster. Given that they just got Maddow a luxurious 4 days off on the promise of making content, Endeavor executives may have suborned the perjury in Maddow's name and in coordination with their MSNBC connections to force Maddow into making a largely illegally filmed show about me.

Look, whether or not that's the case, I'm beseeching Rachel Maddow to talk some sense into the Endeavor Group - or whomever she's partnered with - to leave me alone. This has gone far enough and has only backfired in being a boon to Maddow's reputation, other MSNBC anchors who recently took a paycut under Henry Reisch's direction (notably Maddow herself, along with Ruhle and Reid), has likely "spun" both MSNBC and CNBC away from being connected to NBC via SpinCo, and has a possibilty of earning a investigation into criminal medical malpractice.

Rachel - please make steps to stop this. Other MSNBC anchors whose agents have cost your colleagues in the possibility of the SpinCo transition, consider asking Endeavor to back off.

Do you all work for your talent agencies so they can make you less money? Or do your talent agents work for you? It would seem like the former, at this point. Let's make this situation make sense and end this for everyone's mental health and reputation as leaders in public markets.
